abstract
introduction
Insertion Sort
Implementation
   1. FSMD
   2. ASIP
   3. C Code
      TODO: Clarify whether we include vivado ip block connections
   4. IP block
      TODO Clarify whether we include vivado ip block connections
Comparison
   1. Design and Implementation Complexity
         TODO: all in all this aspect feels like a lot of double work (compare with what was already explained within the implemenations part)
   2. Debugging and Verification Complexity
         TODO: make it subsection
         TODO: connect to previous aspect: proposal: "After design and implementation we were debugging and vereifying our code. When deciding on an implementation one should consider the complexity of the debugging and verifying, since they vary greatly in our differnt approchaes" 
         + delete the first sentence
         TODO: In conclusion: yes c implementation was fastest to debug but aren't we looking at the COMPLEXITY and thus we should rather conclude that i twas easiest to debug? 
         Also last sentence: why are we arguing with costs here?
   3. Flexibility, Reusability and Maintainability 
         TODO: connect to previous aspect: proposal: When deploying and selling a product the next step in the lifecycle is to maintain it and to use it as a base for further developments. Here the aspects of flexibility, reusability and Maintainability are important factors that should be considered when deciding for one of our implementations.
         TODO: adapt the section title (what is the dfference betw. flexibility and reusability?)
         do we need both names Proposal: Flexibility and Maintainability
   4. Other Aspects
         TODO: do we want to keep this section? Or do we want to make the aspects a chapter on their own?
         I don't see why flexibility should get an own section while efficiency/ concurrency and scalability do not get one
      4.1 efficiency (4)
         TODO: Add after first sence
      4.2 concurrency (5)
         TODO: make is (sub) sub section
      4.3 Scalability (6)
   5.costs
         TODO: include a head chapter for development and producing costs
      5.1 development costs
      5.2 producing costs
         TODO: swap oder of development and producing costs
Conclusion
Annex 
   use of GPTs:
    - used GPT for debugging
    - used GPT for writing the report (table of contents, tbc)   